story recapped here today i'm going
to explain a comedy horror and romance
film called spontaneous spoilers ahead
watch out and take care mara carlyle
a senior attends her pre-calculus class on a
typical school day in covington high school
she drops her pencil and as she picks it up
something explodes blood is spattered all around
the room the rest of the class end up in a state
of shock after realizing that their classmate
caitlin has exploded her seat is drenched in
blood in her remains mara stares at what used to
be caitlyn's seat her mind grasping at what just
happened while the rest of her classmates rush
outside even though caitlyn was sweet and airy she
used to be the dalton twins number one customer
the twins joe and jenna are also infamous for
being the top dealers in school if a student's
looking for a high they go to the twins mara
meets up with her best friend tess mcnulty
outside the school tess is shocked by the
situation as mara tells her that caitlyn
exploded like a balloon tess notices mara's
shoes drenched in their schoolmate's blood
investigators arrive at the scene
and gather caitlyn's remaining stuff
they conclude that she was not a bomber because
no weapons were found while at the location
the investigators find nothing but a bloodbath
they are surprised to see the whole classroom
covered with caitlyn's blood as they retrieve more
evidence after the unprecedented event mara and
her classmates are brought to the police station
they are interrogated about the incident and asked
if they noticed anything suspicious beforehand
the student's clothes are confiscated while they
shower and change into sweatsuits they gather
in a small room in silence until mara snickers
the rest of the students shoot her judging looks
while the others talk about what happened several
conspiracies come up and mara tells them that it
might happen again this chilling thought sparks
fear and controversy the police finally released
the kids so they could reunite with their family
mara's parents pick her up from the station
and embrace her feeling glad that she's safe
the ride home is quiet she is not prepared to talk
about it at all her parents express their concern
thinking that it might be a shooter still she
dismisses the idea and excuses herself to her room
once settled she receives a text message from an
unknown number the text says he just wanted to say
that i've had a crush on you for two years mara is
uninterested but she replies anyway she exchanges
texts with her secret admirer which helps take
her mind off the dreadful event the following day
the school holds a memorial for caitlyn before
her funeral at the incident neighbors and friends
gathered a big goodbye for the last time caitlyn's
father sadly removes a sticker from their family
car the sight of it puts mara in a depressive
state so she turns to the dalton twins in chase
of a high tess is entirely against this idea
and tries her best to stop mara but to no avail
the twins recommend a substance which mara
purchases mara pours her purchase in a cup
and drinks it at the local diner while tessa
companies are just in case something happens
they talk about their lives and how they've been
best friends since elementary school and have been
inseparable since then their ultimate life plan
is to purchase a beach house and grow all together
as they give a toast to caitlyn mara
drinks from the cup and starts to get fazed
moments later dylan hovmayer their quiet classmate
who used to be a transferee approaches their table
mara and tess take time to decide whether or
not he could sit with them dylan eventually
takes a seat and the three of them talk about the
funeral and try to make light of the situation
mara directly asks dylan why he came over she
instantly realizes that he is the unknown number
she has been exchanging messages with he confesses
that he has a crush on her mara gets excited and
is caught off guard she asks him why he confessed
all of a sudden dylan tells her that the incident
reminded him that life's too short and he wants to
live while he can before it happens all over again
at this point mara feels like throwing up because
of what she drank she lets dylan accompany her
to the bathroom after getting the substance
out of her system mara looks hazely at dylan
she initially laughs it off but he stays
with her throughout it dylan asks her to
homecoming and mara thinks of why she should
say no but is too intoxicated to decide
during halloween students dress up in costumes of
characters of their choice mara and dylan meet up
with each other that day she makes him tell
her the story of how he fell in love with her
from the day he saw her dylan tells her all the
time she caught him with amazement in two years he
only dared to approach her recently he recalls the
day of the caitlyn incident mara was bringing two
backpacks one of which belonged to caitlyn dylan
came to ask how she is and also recalled what she
said at the station during a football game the two
sit together mar then tells him that she likes him
in a matter of seconds one of the players
explodes everyone at the game rushes to the exit
after seeing a bloody field as the two embraces
harry love who's a member of the varsity team is
the new victim his name dominates the news as the
whole town trends with the phrase covington curse
another memorial is held for harry led by his
teammates at home mara receives news from her
parents that school is cancelled indefinitely
uncertainty fills the whole town as the reason
behind the incidents is still to be known mara
waits for dylan outside her home he arrives in a
rundown ice cream truck that he bought with his
savings they drive to a party hosted by one of
their classmates as mara and dylan grow closer to
each other at the party they head outside and find
themselves alone together dylan jokes around to
ease the atmosphere and they throw their cups in
the air and glee after an emotional conversation
and moments of sexual tension built up mara and
dylan share their first kiss all of a sudden
people start running out of the house screaming
a horrible chill set in their bodies as they enter
the house and sees the blood in the living room
another student has exploded the following morning
mara and tess are summoned by agent carla rossetti
who interviews them about the explosions
her pragmatic beliefs help her theorize the
possibility that one person may be behind all
of these explosions mara and tess are clueless
about what to tell her as they have no idea
what is happening after the meeting mara heads
to the dalton twins home to inform them that agent
rossetti thinks that illegal substances caused the
explosions the twins dismiss her crazy remark
with a laugh mar then purchases all of their
products as instructed by agent rossetti this is
to test your theory of illegal substances being
the culprit jenna and joe are delighted to have
their stock sold out with one purchase they grab
the keys to their car and head to their stash the
twins hide it in a secret place to keep it safe
while driving joe explodes jenna looks at the
now empty driver's seat in complete disbelief
she and mara look at each other with reflected
emotions jenna tries to control the steering wheel
but the blood-drenched car makes it almost
impossible she explodes a mere seconds later
and mara blacks out as the car crash by the
side of the road dylan arrives at the scene
of the accident and he rushes to find any
signs of mara but he gets hopeless after
seeing an empty car filled with blood he gets
up and sees a bloody handprint on a rock this
gives him hope so he runs to the nearby river to
check on her she is cleaning herself when dylan
arrives at her rescue mara is shattered after
witnessing the literally bloody accident dylan
has extra clothes for her in a matter of seconds
men in hazmat suits arrive in the woods they take
both of them away to be quarantined in a medical
facility as mara gains consciousness dr ralonda
assures her that she will help her she tries
to lift herself up but her body is covered with
tubes as she is examined mara sees dylan right
beside her in the same situation they both reach
for each other's hands in between the plastic
covers that night dylan confirms tomorrow that
the doctors are indeed doing tests on them he
also tells her that the whole class is in the
same facility they move their beds closer to
each other and dylan romantically asks mara if
she could be his girlfriend to which she says
yes the following day the series of tests begin
the government is behind it to create a cure
that would keep their blood inside their bodies
they have one by one sessions with dr ralanda who
interviews and monitors the class although they
are locked up they are still provided comfort
they are even given a common room and time for
recreational activities they talk about trying
to break out but harper one of their classmates
says that he is having a great time he adds that
in the tent they are assured that they are healthy
a government official shows them a presentation
about the search for the cure mara questions
their methods and is unconvinced about their way
of trying to help them the man gets taken aback
by their behavior harper backs mara's claims and
says that politicians are useless as they cheer
harper explodes because of this the kids remain
at the facility while their families wait outside
in the middle of the night another of their
classmates explodes while sleeping and the doctor
informs her parents hope is slowly fading at this
rate however the search for a cure must continue
endless medications and interviews are
undergone by the class as days go by more of
them still explode as the medications prove to be
ineffective their days slowly look like a routine
by the time they think that the perfect medication
is formulated the kids are released home their
families welcome them outside the tent on the way
home mara is ecstatic to say the least she notices
that although christmas is around the corner
the streets do not look very lively she asks her
parents why there are no decorations they reply
that the citizens do not feel festive because
of the human explosions the three of them arrive
home and they surprise mara with a christmas tree
she gets delighted and excited as they add more
ornaments in their small living room she shares
a special moment with her parents while they
smoke they all continue to take the medication
prescribed to them on christmas day dylan comes
over to her place and they share an intimate
moment together whenever they are together they
both feel safe as if the incidents did not happen
school is resumed and mara is dreadful about the
idea tess motivates her to attend as things are
going back to normal the kids are back to class
and their teacher assures them of their safety
the day since the last explosion is also recorded
on their whiteboard cole one of their classmates
wears protective gear his whole body is covered
with shields the rest of them look at him with
confusion agent rosetti continues to monitor the
kids and their health she has temporarily set up
an office in their school to check on them
closely according to her it is always better
to hope for the best and expect for the worst on
dylan's birthday mara surprises him she designs a
barn with colorful lights and plays music in hopes
of bringing back dylan's childhood memories both
of them enjoy the music as they dance together
dr rolando visits them at school the following
day to inform the class that the medication also
known as the snooze button will be available over
the counter according to her the snooze button is
not the cure but just a treatment she asks for a
volunteer to step forward as she demonstrates
how the medication works steve volunteers and
goes in front of the room dr ralonda instructs
him to do movements out of nowhere steve explodes
in a matter of seconds more kids explode inside
the room they stop for a moment and rush outside
to run as the stampede starts more of them
start popping leaving the whole premises bloody
mara and dylan run together as they make
their way out it is complete chaos coal
grabs mara once dylan gets farther away from her
unfortunately the only thing that the protective
gear has done to coal was to keep his blood from
splattering mara finds her way out she is afraid
to be alone but luckily dylan comes to her again
they feel ecstatic that they could escape but
their celebration is cut short when dylan suddenly
explodes this leaves mara in a pit of sadness and
blood as she makes her way home she could not even
speak or cry the sight of dylan being gone under
days go by and mara just locks herself at home she
could not bring herself to go outside and attend
dylan's funeral their spontaneous love story
has ended abruptly in the worst way possible
she spends her time watching dylan's old videos
and mixing cocktails she falls into a pit of
alcoholism to cope with her sadness mara's father
just looks at her hopelessly but he knows that
she needs this break after a night of drinking she
goes to tessa's house to invite her to go drinking
she discourages her from going to school but
tess refuses the van to school arrives and mara
is left alone drunk she starts crashing protests
and continues to get herself drunk for the day
agent rossetti comes to help her but she
throws a liquor bottle at the agent's car
mara is hopeless about her life she is sure
that at any moment she might explode as well
she looks up updates on the internet about the
covington curse and a tragic series of explosions
among her peers she comes to the school one night
to look at the shrines and think deeply about what
she should do about her life it is now prom night
mara sits on a swing in an empty playground when
test sits beside her they reconnect with each
other and start being friends again tess informs
her that she is leaving to start a new life if
time permits mara continues to finish the bottle
of liquor in the playground before attending prom
mixed emotions can be seen among the students as
they are graduating incomplete as it is also
a graduation event they receive their diplomas
mara takes the stage and talks about how it
is her fault that the explosions took place
she says that she is the reason why it happened
but everyone moves on as they know she is drunk
another student says that it is her fault and
the rest of them say the same thing mara walks on
the streets faced she ends up in the cemetery to
visit dylan's grave she misses him so much but she
cannot do anything but feel his presence she lays
down on the ground out of misery dylan's mother
arrives as well and they both lay down the love
that they share for the same person still remains
despite him being gone they comfort each other
in their own ways as they recall memories of him
back home mara's mom and dad are waiting for
her in the living room she comes to them and
apologizes for her behavior her apology is
accepted and they embrace their daughter high
school is over mara prepares for a new life ahead
of her one thing does not change though she still
continues to take the snooze button before leaving
she takes a last look at her room her parents send
her off with a hug and she drives away with
dylan's ice cream truck the reason behind the
explosions remains a mystery they have no choice
but to accept that it did happen and move on 31
senior students died in total mara questions why
she isn't one of the unfortunate ones she drives
away and for a moment she feels happy to leave
the town she imagines how her life would be in the
future and starts to be hopeful again she comes in
peace with the fact that sometimes people explode
subscribe to watch more videos
like this turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching